sexual harassment
attacked
Bullying
risk of harm
abusing
kill himself
harassment
mugged
arrested for assault
victim of crime
emotionally or physically abuses
attempted to assault
homocidal threats
verbal aggression
Gunshot wound
violent behavior
sexual assault
murder
abusers
ongoing abuse
sexually abused
self-harm attempts
Emotional abuse
social violence
physical violence
assaultive behavior
domestic violence
attempts to harm
physically aggressive
threatening eviction
stabbing
abuse issues
HI
sexually assaulte d
constantly beat
sexually assaulted
battery
assaults
physically assaulting
fatally shot
traffic violations
verbally abused
physically abuse
domestic assault
sexually molested
neglect issues
victims of crime
tormented
violated
DV
physical assaults
elder abuse
exposure to violence
hitting someone
Physical abuse
hanging himself
violent relationship
physically
alleged rapist
sexual trauma
abusive relationship
pedophile
self-destructive behavior
violent
fights
bullied
hurt myself
gun shot wounds
sexual violence
self-destructive
abusive partner
trauma
physical altercation
abusive household
gunshot wound
attempted murders
chokehold
harm
Violence
stabbed
abuses
historically abused
corporal punishment
shot himself
father killed
gunshot wounds
attempted murder
psychologically abusive
kidnapped
physical harm
raped
assault
persecution
physical abuse
verbally abusive
sexual abuse
physically assaultive
violation
threatening messages
Rape
hurt
GSWs
kicked
allegations of abuse
abusive situations
verbal/emotional abuse
violent outbursts
murdered
neglect
childhood abuse
physically abuses
violence
sexual offenses
wanting to harm
kill
emotionally abused
harassing
emotional abusiveness
maltreatment
abuser
threaten
argument
attack
bullying
spousal abuse
multiple GSWs
abused
Sexual abuse
rape
abuse
intent to harm
hit
molested
assailant
access to weapons
GSW
oppression
choked
altercation
traumatize
threatening letters
violence/abuse
involved in fights
sexually assaulting
killed
choking
physically abused
mind-torture
stab wounds
witnessing violence
shooting
Sexual Assault
kill someone
abusive
adult abuse
gang violence
self-inflicted GSW
grabbed
hurts me
injuring
assaulting
SI
attempted assault
hit in the head
emotional abuse
verbal altercation
fight
physical altercations
Assault
intimidation of a witness
war and violence
physically abusive
altercations
parental violence
kill herself
threatening behavior
becoming victims of crime
kidnapping
assault-related
assaulted
